Document Static Environment Variables (#1357)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/build-step.mdx

Now, whenever the `process.env.VARIABLE_NAME` key is used, it will provide the application's build step with the value declared by the referenced **Now Secret**.

### Updating Environment Variables

> Environment variables are passed statically to an application, this means that they do not update in the application unless it is redeployed.

Reviewer: I think we can better phrase this as: "*Environment variables are made available to an application statically at build-time*, which means that they do not update in the application unless it is redeployed"

Author: Nice, I much prefer that.

> Environment variables are made available to an application statically at build time, which means that they do not update in the application unless it is redeployed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Environment variables are made available to an application statically at build time, meaning that they do not update in the application unless it is redeployed.
```

> If you change the value of a [Now Secret](#adding-secrets) or environment variable and want your application to be aware of this, you should deploy a new version.

Reviewer: Should we capitalize `Secret`? To me, it makes it sound like a whole separate product like `Now Analytics` or something. Maybe it would be better to restrict the hyperlinking to the word `secret` and to keep it lowercase.

Reviewer: Maybe even drop `Now` completely

Author: We capitalise Now Secret throughout the documentation, this could be changed at a later date however.

> If you change the value of a [Now Secret](#adding-secrets) or environment variable and want your application to be aware of this, you should deploy a new version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you change the value of a [Now Secret](#adding-secrets) or environment variable and want your application to be aware of this, you should create a new deployment.
```
